start an accessibility page and fix 1360 in it (#1362)
OSC/ood-documentation: source/accessibility.rst

.. _accessibility:

Accessibility
=============

Introduction
------------

> Open OnDemand has went through several reviews and updates to meet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open OnDemand has undergone several reviews and updates to meet
```

`WCAG`_ 2.2 guidelines.  However, there are a few steps centers need to
take to achieve complete complaince.  These steps are documented here along

> with areas or certian features that are not complaint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
take to achieve complete complaince.
```

Unless you have something specific in mind, I don't think we need this second sentence

Author: > Unless you have something specific in mind

Yes to call out noVNC specifically and/or other apps. I think it's a flag/setting to enable the native connection tab for desktop apps. But also it's a spot to maybe include what you'd talked about - adding all the accessibility libraries on the server side as well.
